Explain how to uninstall kubectl (#41319)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl-linux.md

   rm kubectl-convert kubectl-convert.sha256
   ```

### Uninstall kubectl using package management
{{< tabs name="other_kubectl_uninstall" >}}
{{% tab name="apt-get" %}}
If you are on Ubuntu or another Debian based Linux distribution

```shell
sudo apt-get purge kubectl
sudo apt-get autoremove
```

> The executable binaries are stored in the ```/usr/bin or usr/local/bin```, library files in ```usr/lib``` and configuration files in ```/etc``` 

Reviewer: For binary files and other path, you can mention here command - 

```bash
which kubectl
```
or 

```bash
whereis kubectl

Reviewer 2: @utkarsh-singh1 

I have changed everything. Could you please have a look?

Thank you

Reviewer 2: @utkarsh-singh1 

I tried the uninstallation of the kubectl using the command using 
```shell
sudo rm $(which kubectl)
```

It was uninstalled successfully. But, when I tried to install the kubectl and tried to run it, the command was not recognised by the shell. I had to remove the kubectl completely using my package manager and install it again for it to run.

It is recommended to manually remove the library files and static data before uninstalling the ```kubectl``` from the system

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="curl" %}}
If you have used curl to install kubectl, then the uinstallation process can be done using :-

```shell
sudo rm -rf /usr/local/bin/kubectl

> sudo rm -rf /usr/local/lib/kubectl

Reviewer: Hi @infinite-binaryloop, you can mention here it as - 

```bash
sudo rm $(which kubectl)
```
which will remove it at first time.

Reviewer: Also, Above it is mentioned that kubectl is installed in /usr/local/bin/ .

Reviewer 2: Hey @utkarsh-singh1 
Thank you for the comment. 
Yes, you are right! we can use the above mentioned command, that is 
`sudo rm $(which kubectl)`.
It will be removing the package from the `/usr/bin/`. We can certainly do that.

   rm kubectl-convert kubectl-convert.sha256
   ```

### Uninstall kubectl
Depending on how you installed `kubectl`, use one of the following methods.

{{< tabs name="other_kubectl_uninstall" >}}

{{% tab name="curl" %}}
If you installed kubectl using curl, you can uninstall it by executing the following commands:

```shell

> sudo rm $(which kubectl)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
sudo rm "$(which kubectl)"
```

avoids a niche but viable way for things to go wrong.

```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="apt-get" %}}

> If you installed kubectl using apt-get, you can uninstall it by executing the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you installed kubectl using `apt` or `apt-get`, you can uninstall it by executing the following commands:
```

```shell
sudo apt-get purge kubectl
sudo apt-get autoremove
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="yum" %}}

> If you installed kubectl using yum, you can uninstall it by executing the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you installed kubectl using `yum`, you can uninstall it by executing the following command:
```

```shell
yum remove kubectl
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="Homebrew" %}}
If you installed kubectl using Homebrew, you can uninstall it by executing the following command:

```shell
sudo brew uninstall kubectl
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="Snap" %}}
If you are using snap, then the uninstallation procedure can be done using the following commands.

```shell
sudo snap remove kubectl
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{< /tabs >}}

After the removal process completes, you can verify that kubectl is no longer installed by running:
```shell

> kubectl version

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Because you uninstalled kubectl, this command fails
kubectl version --client --output=json
```

   rm kubectl-convert kubectl-convert.sha256
   ```

> ### Uninstall kubectl using package manager

Reviewer 4: A minor adjustment to the heading by using `Uninstall kubectl` instead. This change will ensure that the heading accurately reflects the content, which includes the removal of kubectl installation via curl too.

```suggestion
### Uninstall kubectl
```

{{< tabs name="other_kubectl_uninstall" >}}

> {{% tab name="apt-get" %}}

Reviewer 4: Another option worth considering is to include instructions for uninstallation using the 'yum' package manager, given that we already have installation instructions for it.

If you are on Ubuntu or another Debian based Linux distribution

```shell
sudo apt-get purge kubectl
sudo apt-get autoremove
```

An alternative command to carry out the uninstall:-

```shell
sudo rm $(which kubectl)
```

The executable binaries are stored in the ```/usr/bin or usr/local/bin```, library files in ```usr/lib``` and configuration files in ```/etc``` 

> It is recommended to manually remove the library files and static data for completely uninstalling the ```kubectl``` from the system

Reviewer 4: Missing punctuation at the end.

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="curl" %}}
If you have used curl to install kubectl, then the uinstallation process can be done using :-

```shell
sudo rm -rf /usr/local/bin/kubectl
sudo rm -rf /usr/local/lib/kubectl
```

An alternative command to carry out the uninstall:-

```shell
sudo rm $(which kubectl)
```

For getting binary files run the below command:

```shell
which kubectl
```
or
```shell
whereis kubectl
```

> It is recommended to uninstall the executable binaries for completely removing the kubectl from the root

Reviewer 4: Missing punctuation at the end.

{{% /tab %}}

> {{% tab name="snap" %}}

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
{{% tab name="Snap" %}}
```

If you are using snap, then the uninstallation procedure can be done using the following commands.

```shell
sudo snap remove kubectl
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="Homebrew" %}}

> If you are using homebrew as the package management tool on your machine, then the uninstallaiton process can be done using the below command .

Reviewer 4: Minor typo and other corrections.
```suggestion
If you are using Homebrew as the package management tool on your machine, then the uninstallation process can be done using the below command:
```

```shell
sudo brew uninstall kubectl
```

> The executable binaries are stored in the ```/usr/bin or usr/local/bin```, library files in ```usr/lib``` and configuration files in ```/etc``` 

Reviewer 4: Missing punctuation.
```suggestion
The executable binaries are stored in the ```/usr/bin or usr/local/bin```, library files in ```usr/lib``` and configuration files in ```/etc```.
```

> It is recommended to manually remove the library files and static data before uninstalling the ```kubectl``` from the system

Reviewer 4: Missing punctuation at the end.
```suggestion
It is recommended to manually remove the library files and static data before uninstalling the ```kubectl``` from the system.
```

   rm kubectl-convert kubectl-convert.sha256
   ```

> ### Uninstall kubectl
> {{< tabs name="other_kubectl_uninstall" >}}

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### Uninstall kubectl
Depending on how you installed `kubectl`, use one of the following methods.

{{< tabs name="other_kubectl_uninstall" >}}
```

{{% tab name="curl" %}}

> If you have used curl to install kubectl, then the uinstallation process can be done using :-

Reviewer 4: Minor typo in the line.
```suggestion
If you installed kubectl using curl, you can uninstall it by executing the following commands:
```

```shell
sudo rm -rf /usr/local/bin/kubectl
sudo rm -rf /usr/local/lib/kubectl

> ```

Reviewer 4: Instead of providing the predefined path, we can apply a similar approach as we did for providing instructions for [macOS](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl-macos/#uninstall-kubectl-on-macos), by just specifying the uninstall commands as "sudo rm $(where kubectl)"

An alternative command to carry out the uninstall:-

```shell
sudo rm $(which kubectl)
```

For getting binary files run the below command:

```shell
which kubectl
```
or
```shell
whereis kubectl
```
It is recommended to uninstall the executable binaries for completely removing the kubectl from the root.

{{% /tab %}}

> {{% tab name="apt-get" %}}

Reviewer 4: Just noticed that the previous [review comment](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/41319#discussion_r1228828155) about the absence of steps with 'yum' package manager is still unresolved. Can you please address it in your future commits?

Reviewer 5: Hi @SpringWiz11 Please address this comment here

If you are on Ubuntu or another Debian based Linux distribution

```shell
sudo apt-get purge kubectl
sudo apt-get autoremove
```

An alternative command to carry out the uninstall:-

```shell
sudo rm $(which kubectl)
```

The executable binaries are stored in the ```/usr/bin or usr/local/bin```, library files in ```usr/lib``` and configuration files in ```/etc```.

> It is recommended to manually remove the library files and static data for completely uninstalling the ```kubectl``` from the system.

Reviewer 4: These steps may be unnecessary as the package manager will automatically find the path during the uninstallation process.

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="Homebrew" %}}

> If you are using homebrew as the package management tool on your machine, then the uninstallation process can be done using the below command:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you installed kubectl using Homebrew, you can uninstall it by executing the following command:
```

```shell
sudo brew uninstall kubectl
```

The executable binaries are stored in the ```/usr/bin or usr/local/bin```, library files in ```usr/lib``` and configuration files in ```/etc```.

> It is recommended to manually remove the library files and static data before uninstalling the ```kubectl``` from the system.

Reviewer 4: These steps may be unnecessary as the package manager will automatically find the path during the uninstallation process.

   rm kubectl-convert kubectl-convert.sha256
   ```

### Uninstall kubectl
Depending on how you installed `kubectl`, use one of the following methods.

{{< tabs name="other_kubectl_uninstall" >}}

{{% tab name="curl" %}}

> If you installed kubectl using curl, you can uninstall it by executing the following commands:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
If you installed kubectl using `curl`, you can uninstall it by executing the following commands:
```

```shell
sudo rm "$(which kubectl)"
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="apt-get" %}}

> If you installed kubectl using apt , you can uninstall it by executing the following commands:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
If you installed kubectl using `apt`, you can uninstall it by executing the following commands:
```

   rm kubectl-convert kubectl-convert.sha256
   ```

### Uninstall kubectl
Depending on how you installed `kubectl`, use one of the following methods.

{{< tabs name="other_kubectl_uninstall" >}}

{{% tab name="curl" %}}
If you installed kubectl using curl, you can uninstall it by executing the following commands:

```shell
sudo rm "$(which kubectl)"
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="apt-get" %}}
If you installed kubectl using `apt` or `apt-get`, you can uninstall it by executing the following commands:

```shell
sudo apt-get purge kubectl

> sudo apt-get autoremove

Reviewer 3: I don't recommend this. It has side effects beyond `kubectl`.

```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="yum" %}}
If you installed kubectl using `yum`, you can uninstall it by executing the following command:

```shell
yum remove kubectl
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="Homebrew" %}}

> If you installed kubectl using `Homebrew`, you can uninstall it by executing the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you installed kubectl using Homebrew, you can uninstall it by executing the following command:
```

```shell
sudo brew uninstall kubectl
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="Snap" %}}

> If you are using snap, then the uninstallation procedure can be done using the following commands.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you installed kubectl from a snap, then you can uninstall it by running:
```

```shell

> sudo snap remove kubectl

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# You can usually leave out the initial "sudo"
sudo snap remove kubectl
```
